Blog post for the Sprint #162 (#458)
openSUSE/obs-landing: _posts/development/2024-04-08-improvements-on-the-redesigned-request-page.md

---
layout: post
title: Improvements On the Redesigned Request Page
category: development
---

> So, we're back after Easter Holidays! In this blog post we're going to see some improvements we've been working on lately on the redesigned Request page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So, we're back after the Easter Holidays! In this blog post, we're going to see some improvements we've been working on lately on the redesigned Request page.
```

Author: I'm sorry, but everywhere I look "Easter Holiday" is not preceded by "the"...

Reviewer: Ok! The ignore my suggestion. No problem.

{% include partials/_series-of-posts-about-request-redesign.md %}

### Defer Loading Content in the Request Show Page

Users trying to look into the changes of Submit Requests had to wait for the whole content to load before seeing anything. When those changes were big, they had to wait a lot. 

> We deferred the loading of the content of the individual file changes so now it appears to load faster.

Reviewer: I wouldn't say the goal is "appearing it's loading faster". The goal is that the user sees something in the Conversation (and other tabs) ASAP. And thanks to the spinner they know they have to wait for the changes and they don't think something is wrong/not loading.

Author: Alright, what about something like "We deferred the loading of the content of the file changes so now users don't have to wait too much before something appears on the page"?

Reviewer: Perfect!!

![](/images/posts/2024-04-08/defer_content_loading.gif)

> ### Showing The Reason a Review Was Asked in the Review Popup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Showing The Reason Why a Review Was Asked in the Review Popup
```

When someone asks for a review, they can leave a reason for it. The review popup now shows what the review creator entered as the reason for the review.

![](/images/posts/2024-04-08/reason_for_a_review.png)

### Don't Collapse the Message About Why the Request Was Declined

> When someone declines a request they usually leave a message explaining why. Until now that reason was collapsed by default and that made a bit hard to understand by the request creator why that request was declined. This is now shown by default.

Reviewer 2: "that made a bit hard" => "that made it a bit hard"

Author: I think the "it" is "why that request was declined", so the "it" is not needed there

Reviewer: I was about to correct the same. This is another proposal:

```suggestion
When someone declines a request they usually leave a message explaining why. That message was collapsed by default until now, making it harder for the request creator to understand why that request was declined. This is now shown by default.
```
